rename okta mcp server (#6321)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/configure-mcp-authentication/main/index.md

   <div class="three-quarter">

   ![Okta Open Source MCP server data flow diagram](/img/concepts/mcp-server-native-app-grant-api-scopes.png)

   </div>

1. Go to the **General** tab and copy the **Client ID** and **Sign-in redirect URIs**.

   > **Note:** Save these values and the list of granted scopes to configure your Okta Open Source MCP server, see [Okta Device Authorization Grant Guide](/docs/guides/device-authorization-grant/main/).

   <div class="three-quarter">

   ![Okta Open Source MCP server data flow diagram](/img/concepts/mcp-server-admin-app-copy-client-id.png)

   </div>

---

## Method 2: Private key JWT (browserless)

> The private key JWT flow allows the Okta Open Source MCP server to run without human intervention, which is effective for CI/CD pipelines or backend services. The server authenticates using a cryptographic key pair instead of a browser-based login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The private key JWT flow allows the Okta Open Source MCP server to run without human intervention, which is effective for CI/CD pipelines or backend services. The server authenticates using a cryptographic key pair instead of a browser-based sign-in.
```
